Oriental arborvitae
clove
grey alder
brown pine
cattley guava
keteleeria
sugar maple
bonduc
Guinea pepper
akee
California laurel
trifoliate orange
water locust
American beech
pond pine
Honduras mahogany
Moreton Bay tulipwood
Norway spruce
piassava palm
white mangrove
tangerine
oriental spruce
water elm
sugarberry
Oregon cedar
cohune palm
common plum
pygmy cypress
American sycamore
Honduras rosewood
quince
Pacific yew
oak chestnut
copper beech
Catalina cherry
balm of gilead
Parkia javanica
southern white cedar
Japanese yew
yellow birch
cider gum
Arabian coffee
knobcone pine
mountain ebony
Protium heptaphyllum
jupati
nectarine
Eastern hop hornbeam
black birch
true sago palm
red osier
gidgee
water oak
black beech
ketembilla
Allegheny plum
Western mountain ash
Kentucky coffee tree
water hickory
bunji-bunji
dita
carob
gowen cypress
southwestern white pine
coast live oak
particolored buckeye
silk tree
black pine
Maria
oriental plane
puka
Hercules’-club
laurelwood
roble beech
American mountain ash
shittah
sweet buckeye
Southern crab apple
Engelmann spruce
Japanese pagoda tree
big shellbark
heart cherry
mountain ash
white ash
tarwood
saucer magnolia
African scented mahogany
southern live oak
shingle oak
quandong
wild tamarind
Catalpa bignioides
turreae
citron
treelet
Mexican cypress
Christmas bush
palo santo
American red plum
flowering almond
swamp gum
lime
cork tree
terebinth
Spanish oak
purple willow
hagberry tree
common winterberry holly
scarlet wisteria tree
whitebark pine
Jersey elm
arctic willow
avocado
camphor tree
chaulmoogra
silver willow
dwarf grey willow
forest red gum
Hydnocarpus laurifolia
white fir
genipap fruit
sour gum
black cherry
Allegheny chinkapin
breakax
bitternut
flame tree
Wisconsin weeping willow
Alpine fir
sugar palm
shaving-brush tree
Japanese flowering cherry
golden fig
paper mulberry
Swiss mountain pine
cherimoya
gutta-percha tree
yellow-leaf sickle pine
Brazilian guava
golden wattle
norfolk island pine
swamp pine
almond willow
rosebud cherry
Alpine celery pine
sorrel tree
canyon oak
huisache
Ozark chinkapin
pond apple
sweet lemon
ginkgo
palmyra
white mountain ash
Philippine mahogany
swamp birch
tall gallberry holly
silver wattle
deodar
Judas tree
mango
star anise
Siberian larch
shore pine
stinking cedar
myrrh tree
corner
pistachio
miniature fan palm
balsam willow
tulip tree
cockspur
white mallee
Arizona white oak
dwarf maple
trumpetwood
white-berry yew
gean
wild service tree
roble
myrtle beech
Macadamia integrifolia
Caucasian walnut
gebang palm
chinaberry
eastern hemlock
common oak
spruce pine
Bechtel crab
lead tree
native beech
cherry plum
mammee apple
metasequoia
Spanish tamarind
American persimmon
pecan
black mallee
Santa Lucia fir
cacao bean
pulasan
jordan almond
looking glass tree
sapodilla
teak
pear
rock elm
yaupon holly
camwood
crack willow
rain tree
blue ash
white maire
caprifig
brazil nut
millettia
inga
shortleaf pine
cucumber tree
bay willow
sweetleaf
winter’s bark
coralwood
kawaka
jack oak
weeping spruce
goncalo alves
Canada plum
bullock’s heart
ancient pine
cornelian cherry
medlar
mistletoe fig
Jeffrey pine
princewood
carnauba
caranday
paradise tree
western larch
common European dogwood
California black walnut
durian
star magnolia
hardtack
rauli beech
red spruce
European hornbeam
anchovy pear
amabilis fir
holly-leaved cherry
American white oak
Spanish elm
Sitka spruce
grey willow
mayeng
plumcot
white alder
American holly
cape yellowwood
English elm
catechu
Chinese chestnut
kingwood
grey birch
Lombardy poplar
Oregon ash
harpulla
bastard lignum vitae
bearberry
cobnut
American chestnut
Old World hop hornbeam
Sierra lodgepole pine
Japanese cedar
creeping willow
kaffir boom
carambola
Australian sumac
dillenia
longleaf pine
fuji
Shumard oak
morello
clusia
Arizona ash
big-cone spruce
white spruce
cream-of-tartar tree
stone pine
golden larch
western hemlock
temple orange
black spruce
cocobolo
palo verde
date plum
elephant tree
coral bean tree
kauri
California black oak
brazilwood
smooth-leaved elm
msasa
cabbage palmetto
Japanese linden
Swiss pine
Sundacarpus amara
nipa palm
Japanese persimmon
Japanese umbrella pine
red pine
Indian blackwood
earleaved umbrella tree
soursop
London plane
kino
manglietia
Torrey pine
titi
common yellowwood
salai
banyan
cabbage tree
wax palm
nagi
Oregon crab apple
rose apple
Cathaya
Colorado spruce
common apricot
ceibo
swamp willow
common beech
shade tree
beaked hazelnut
loblolly pine
Japanese chestnut
blue gum
black ash
Jamaican cherry
true laurel
Italian cypress
looking-glass plant
Siberian elm
plum-fruited yew
grey poplar
red kauri
Panama redwood tree
quaking aspen
golden willow
laurel-tree
silky cornel
New Caledonian yew
American hazel
King William pine
neem
California sycamore
American arborvitae
peach
Spanish cedar
bear oak
loquat
red mulberry
bilimbi
chinquapin oak
wheel tree
balsam poplar
umbrella tree
Brazilian pepper tree
longan
matai
European hackberry
betel palm
Queen’s crape myrtle
big-tree plum
smooth winterberry holly
bunchberry
idesia
portia tree
date palm
marmalade tree
marumi
California white oak
hiba arborvitae
devilwood
Coigue
mombin
coyol
bunya bunya
pinon pine
calisaya
dundathu pine
Japanese apricot
tung tree
shingle tree
Santa Cruz cypress
oriental cherry
southern red oak
common sickle pine
red sandalwood
toothbrush tree
pignut
lepidobotrys
Carolina hemlock
calabash
American white pine
kowhai
bamboo palm
tamarind
siris
logwood
snow gum
tree of heaven
keurboom
Kentucky yellowwood
bloodwood tree
latanier
tree
western red cedar
speckled alder
jackfruit
Saigon cinnamon
pink shower
beach plum
arroyo willow
rattan
silver beech
marang
sycamore
Siberian spruce
Canadian aspen
swamp ash
Liberian coffee
bristlecone pine
sweet birch
mockernut
lowland fir
stemma
lightwood
green alder
European larch
satinwood
September elm
California nutmeg
Surinam cherry
Chinese elm
red beech
Nuttall oak
wild China tree
Japanese black pine
weeping beech
silver birch
Russian almond
satinleaf
aalii
wild mango
rose chestnut
swamp white oak
white willow
alpine ash
star apple
black mangrove
golden shower tree
pahautea
thatch palm
Florida yew
Dutch elm
cedar elm
guava
Ohio buckeye
grugru
common myrtle
green douglas fir
allspice tree
Eastern cottonwood
overcup oak
American elm
pussy willow
Chinese cork oak
American turkey oak
amboina pine
grapefruit
sissoo
common white dogwood
katsura tree
lemonwood
monkey puzzle
bayberry
Atlas cedar
tree of knowledge
cinnamon
arbor
sweet gum
padauk
African mahogany
hog plum
Para rubber tree
breadfruit
sweet orange
peachleaf willow
European turkey oak
wine palm
black wattle
western chokecherry
damson plum
Wollemi pine
lacebark
pomegranate
Jamaica quassia
Brazilian rosewood
witch elm
divi-divi
giant chinkapin
black locust
Rocky mountain pinon
shagbark
silver-bell tree
silver lime
pawpaw
black cottonwood
kahikatea
bergamot
Moreton Bay chestnut
amarelle
post oak
ponderosa
macadamia nut
prickly ash
hoary willow
scrub pine
Protium guianense
European ash
timber tree
mountain swamp gum
coconut
allspice
European chestnut
African walnut
deciduous holly
seaside alder
white stringybark
nutmeg hickory
quassia
aroeira blanca
yacca
satsuma
incense cedar
dwarf willow
Newfoundland dwarf birch
red alder
horse cassia
spotted gum
limber pine
hazel
Panama tree
papaya
Sierra plum
mountain hemlock
olive
swamp chestnut oak
souari
bead tree
holm oak
hoop pine
downy birch
Queensland nut
smooth alder
nakedwood
fringe bush
balsam fir
sweetsop
blackjack oak
red buckeye
ilama
sour cherry
Australian pine
tangelo
brazilian ironwood
tipu
iron tree
lignum vitae
huon pine
dwarf chinkapin oak
physic nut
lemon-scented gum
silky dogwood
Oregon maple
Queensland bottletree
purple anise
durmast
American white birch
sapling
royal poinciana
yellow cypress
India-rubber tree
southern magnolia
ice-cream bean
Indian coral tree
American hackberry
plum-yew
sour orange
totara
canistel
subalpine larch
California box elder
western white pine
wild crab
butternut
osage orange
textile screw pine
cricket-bat willow
citrange
bishop pine
shining willow
jumby bead
balata
westland pine
rambutan
gnetum
dhawa
weeping willow
pomelo
marblewood
pepper tree
Japanese maple
cinchona tree
hard beech
mountain maple
conacaste
Monterey pine
bur oak
Oregon white oak
Alexandrian laurel
Connarus guianensis
winged elm
Japanese beech
Montezuma
kurrajong
largeleaf holly
cedar of Lebanon
baobab
dwarf flowering almond
single-leaf
button tree
rimu
tanekaha
water gum
Siberian crab
sweet bay
caracolito
Old World yew
green ash
obeche
black walnut
capulin
pointed-leaf maple
ebony
rewa-rewa
reed rhapis
smoothbark
white mulberry
calaba
jack pine
English walnut
tolu tree
sassafras
cabbage palm
marupa
nutmeg
fever tree
apple
red silk-cotton tree
Spanish lime
Port Jackson fig
lanseh tree
key palm
chickasaw plum
lawyer cane
Japanese plum
swamp cottonwood
flowering ash
fishtail palm
slippery elm
honey locust
vine maple
granadilla tree
nagami
manna gum
wild fig
bluejack oak
cladogram
common alder
manila tamarind
river red gum
saw palmetto
tonka bean
rose gum
cork oak
mate
gliricidia
miro
small-leaved linden
Pipturus albidus
litchi
common osier
ribbon tree
ming tree
robusta coffee
myrtle oak
she-oak
bearberry willow
Parry’s pinyon
South-African yellowwood
silver tree
Japanese oak
rainbow shower
Chinese parasol tree
mescal bean
large-leaved magnolia
Jamaica dogwood
bitter almond
juneberry holly
silver maple
opepe
Yukon white birch
American basswood
candlenut
snag
guama
Australian nettle
purple apricot
dwarf buckeye
manna ash
kalumpang
coco plum
marasca
table-mountain pine
new caledonian pine
lancewood
babassu
cashew
Scotch pine
Norway maple
Arizona cypress
white basswood
Indian beech
American oil palm
red gum
true mahogany
pin cherry
American crab apple
moosewood
willow oak
balsa
American hornbeam
white poplar
dagame
cassia
black mulberry
Boswellia carteri
clammy locust
corozo
basket oak
interior live oak
low gallberry holly
Prince Albert yew
gumbo-limbo
American larch
ivory tree
ivory palm
bush willow
mangosteen
black oak
Sitka willow
rangpur
clementine
kola
jaboticaba
scarlet oak
red lauan
dhak
pollard
cherry laurel
laurel oak
black maire
rowan
American quaking aspen
redbud
European silver fir
toothache tree
northern red oak
Fraser fir
goat willow
Geogia holly
carib wood
royal palm
pin oak
talipot
Monterey cypress
myrtaceous tree
cabbage bark
wild medlar
arariba
courbaril
inkberry
China tree
celery top pine
Japanese red pine
Arizona sycamore
ilang-ilang
Chilean cedar
Peruvian balsam
mangrove
Burma padauk
pitch pine
Cartagena bark
prairie willow
Huntingdon elm
Catalpa speciosa
sandalwood tree
scrub beefwood
bocconia
African oil palm
kapok
pumpkin ash
California single-leaf pinyon
pipal
red maple
podocarp
hedge maple
Guadalupe cypress
gamboge tree
